what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose today as
you can see from the title we're doing
the 5k Q and a oh my god I mean how how
did we reach 5000 subscribers I remember
when we were at 200 and I was so happy
and I made a 200 subscriber giveaway
video it's been not even a year since I
started my youtube channel and we've
managed to reach 5,000 subscribers here
on YouTube and almost 1400 subscribers
on Instagram when I started my youtube
channel and I was making my first couple
of videos I was always saying to myself
if I could help 50 people with some part
of the medical school application then I
was gonna be happy that would have been
the purpose of my youtube channel that
would have been fulfilled so I just want
to take a moment say thank you guys for
all of your support so far I'm really
happy that you've been enjoying the
videos and that you've been finding them
useful and I hope that others find them
useful in the future as well anyway I'm
rambling on way too much you guys are
here for the QA so start reading some
questions and get into them so you guys
actually submitted a lot of questions
thank you for everyone who posted a
question in my Instagram story you guys
didn't see that I posted the Q&A thing
on Instagram somewhere here and let's
just jump into it I hope I don't butcher
any of your names I do I'm sorry promise
I'm doing my best question from Karen
Maui can you say your name your country
of origin and what you're studying in
Arabic yes I can Marhaba is Manasa
and I'm in auradon eliminate falestine
oh I'm Boudreau snip the mother says in
her King's College London being good
stuff so a lot of you didn't understand
that all but my name is Nasir I am from
Jordan and my family is originally
Palestinian and I'm studying medicine at
King's College London in England miss
Shire
miss Eyre asks are you still able to
have a good social life at Medical
School and the answer to that is
absolutely yes we have a great great
great social life at medical school and
don't let anyone tell you anything else
you can always balance going to lectures
doing some studying and then having fun
in the rest of your day I spend a lot of
time with my friends with my girlfriend
with my sister going out making YouTube
videos playing sports running it's not
as crazy as everyone makes out to be but
at least for now in the first two years
there's plenty of time type of social
life question from Staub briyani
where is your favorite place for holiday
also your videos are great inspiration
for me thank you so much thank you
where's your favorite place
holiday I would have difficulty saying
anything other than Greece I grew up in
Greece for most of my life for about 18
years and so I've spent quite a lot of
the summers traveling to all the
different Greek islands I've been to EOS
Paris Mykonos limnos me los Lefkada
Catalunya
I've been to a bunch of islands and I
really really love them Greece is by far
my number one destination and if I had
to choose an island within there I would
say lefkada or kefalonia they're both
really really beautiful islands question
from Adnan Castle how many siblings do
you have
so I have one sibling she's my twin
sister a lot of people often think that
there's like competition between
siblings especially twins and that they
get into lots of fights and things like
that but honestly we've been nothing but
really good friends the whole time we've
been growing up when we were younger
there were a little bit more fights and
stuff like that but now as adults we get
on really well together and we actually
live together in this flap to end up
spending a lot of time cooking together
playing video games etc etc gonna close
this window cuz the kids have come out
for play school that's gonna make a
bunch of noise question from Josh boy do
you want to stay in the UK after
graduating I've gotten a lot of
questions along these lines about where
I'm thinking of going after UK medical
school or if I want to stay and work for
the NHS this is kind of a complicated
question and I'm not entirely 100% sure
of the answer basically from where I am
right now until I started working as a
doctor in the UK I have about three
years and that's until I start my f1 and
f2 and you never know what's gonna
happen between now and then regarding
the NHS regarding foreigners and
international students working in the UK
and so with all of that in mind I'm
trying to keep my options and I'm trying
to keep my doors as open as possible I'm
gonna be taking all of the entrance
exams for Canada for the US and for the
UK so that when the time comes I have
options and I'm able to choose what's
best for me so a question from med Lex
she asks when do you feel most in tune
with yourself that's a kind of
introspective question but I've never
really thought of before I definitely
feel like I do my most inner exploring
when I'm on a run when I'm just
listening to music running through a
part because that's a time when I don't
really think about my responsibilities
and anyone else I can just sort of focus
on me and the thoughts in my head so I
guess that's when I would feel most in
tune with myself good question the next
question from tanzy best meal to have
four students on a budget love you
videos thank you so much tansy if you're
gonna buy food when you're out like for
lunch at university or whatever then
obviously a Tesco or Sainsbury's meal
deal is probably the way to go but
honestly when I would recommend much
more than that is to just meal prep and
cook your meals at home it's actually so
much easier than people make it out to
be you just can get a tray and let's say
fill it up with like four or five
chicken breasts and then you get a bunch
of potatoes slice them up throw them on
top peppers broccoli carrots sweet
potato oh no I guess we want just cut
them up throw them on the tray throw
that tray in the oven and it's done
within like 20-30 minutes just dedicate
half of your Saturday or half of your
Sunday and you can easily cook meals for
the whole week and that'll save you both
time and money really quick one how old
are you from Aisha xxxx
I'm 23 gonna be turning 24 in July
Oliver Burnham top tips for starting med
student September just have fun man
first year of medical school there's
gonna be so many lectures there's gonna
be so many friends so many events just
go out have fun do some studying don't
forget to study but you know there's
plenty of time to do both so just have
lots of fun I'm Francesco 88 who is your
favorite singer I don't know if I can
call them singers because I'm mostly
just listen to rap but some of the
people who I listen to the most are like
Drake logic J Cole Kendrick Lamar Mac
Miller
those guys are fantastic a song that I
really really like that on this thing
too right now is motorcycle patches bike
weibo Jonathan Lee 85 - what music do
you listen to when you study so yeah
when I'm studying I don't generally
listen to music because I'm always
wanting to rap or sing along to whatever
song it is that I'm listening to so if
I'm listening to music and I'm studying
I'm only listening to instrumentals and
hip-hop or jazz instrumentals is
generally what I listen to they're so so
so good just YouTube it trust me you'll
love it you'll love it question from
someone whose name I can't really read I
think it's Shaheed do you know what you
want to do after med specialty wise so I
have a couple of ideas of what I want to
specialize in but it would be difficult
for me to say that I know for certain
what I want to do so currently the
things that I'm sort of interested in
that I have been interested in since
high school is either pediatrics or
orthopedic surgery pediatrics because I
really enjoy working with children and I
feel like I get along with children very
well and then orthopedic surgery just
cuz I've really been interested in
surgery for the longest time as are most
people and so I definitely want to
explore that route and make sure that
it's something that either
don't want to do ten shots yes war asks
what does it like to study medicine at
Kings it's awesome it's awesome we have
the section a lot of the section in
first year with real human cadavers
which i think is a really great learning
experience we have clinic starting in
second year in the GP and in hospital
which is also really great because we
get immersed in talking to patients in
taking histories and learning how to do
some examinations there's a lot of
clinical exposure quite early on on top
of that it's a huge medical school
there's so many people to me so many
friends to hang out with it's it's a
great experience my opinion it's also in
central London there's so much to do and
to eat around campus it's great I'd
highly recommend it question from bio to
med is it true that Kenji smashes your
ping pong Kenji made your trash
absolutely trash at ping pong can't
you've been practicing for that ping
pong tournament I'm still smash you
though I'm still smash you the next
question is from ki-sun Patel what is
the best part of London and half say for
me the best part of London comes in two
forms so the first thing is that all of
the friends that I went to high school
with in Greece they are all living in
London now either working or studying so
the fact that I have my childhood
friends that I've known for almost 10 15
years now all living so close to me and
we can hang out often is something
that's really really great and then the
second best thing about London is just
how big it is and how much stuff there
is to do I know when I was studying at
the University of Toronto I was so happy
with the city because there was always
so many activities so many clubs so many
events you would never run out and you
would never get bored and every single
month I explore a different part of
London that I'd never even heard of
before I'd never been to before and it's
just great that there's always something
new to look forward to and that's
actually one of the main reasons that I
chose to study in Kings as opposed to
Bristol even though I got offers for
both I wanted to live in London because
of the sheer amount and diversity of
things to do here the next question is
from Krisha Expo has it been hard for
you settling down in the UK so I'd say
yes I know especially towards the
beginning I think maybe things were a
little bit more difficult just because
it was very new I was in a new
environment but the fact that I have a
lot of my high school friends living
here who I've known for like more than
10 to 15 years some of them it's made it
a really easy transition for me would
you recommend reapplying after rejection
or taking an undergrad with a star a
so I've had this question quite a bit
actually on my Instagram DMS and in
comments and stuff about should you
reapply the next year or should you do
an undergraduate degree and basically it
comes down to a whole lot of factors
that are just really dependent on you
some of the things you should consider
are can you afford to pay for an extra
three years of a degree do you think
that you have a high chance of getting
in if you reapply next year with your
current grades or do you need to go
through a degree first get really good
grades there and then apply what is that
undergraduate degree in is it in
something that you're actually
interested in something that you're
gonna enjoy cuz remember if you're doing
it undergrad it's gonna be for three
years and that's not a short period of
time those are just some of the factors
to consider Kangoo rec asks favorite
food from your childhood wow that's so
right favorite food from my childhood I
don't know I'm not really a food person
like food for me is just fuel so that I
can run around more and do exercise I
don't really have like a superfine taste
for foods it either tastes good or it
tastes bad and there isn't really that
much in between for me it kind of sucks
there's this thing that my mom used to
cook called muff stool which is
basically it's like kind of like little
balls of pasta but it's not and you put
it in this big soup with like chicken
and onions and vegetables and I really
really really like that dish you know
I'm gonna ask my mom to cook that for me
next time she visits another question
also did you do a levels no I didn't do
a levels I actually did the IB Diploma
or the IB program if you're interested
for my higher levels I did biology
chemistry and psychology and then for my
standard levels I did maths English and
Spanish
just a quick pro tip if you're doing the
IB and you're interested in science or
whatever I wrote my extended essay in
psychology and it was the easiest
extended essay anyone ever did in their
life I literally sat down in the summer
for three days and bang down my extended
essay whilst everyone doing it in
biology and chemistry and physics was
working for months on their extended
essay so pro tip if you want to apply
for medicine and you want an easy
extended essay to do to psychology a
question from Mashhad what's the most
fun thing about med school or uni is it
like partying or hanging out with
friends honestly for me the experience
is different now as a graduate compared
to an undergraduate so when I was an
undergraduate the most fun thing about
University was just going to all these
parties meeting lots of new people
getting to go out this is of course when
I wasn't dying
in my room studying with work but the
most fun things was you know going out
meeting new people being away from home
being away from my parents being like
more independent more free that was what
was the best part about university now
what I think the best part of my
university is just being able to value
the time that I have hanging out with my
friends and also just enjoying what I'm
studying I love studying medicine and
then outside of that just I have time I
have time to spend with my friends I
have time to play sports I have time to
pursue hobbies outside of medicine like
this YouTube channel I'm just thankful
for having time to do the things that
I'd like to do while also studying
medicine so the next question comes from
Ali rx he says how do you stay motivated
to revise every day for these next four
months I've lost the willpower to revise
so motivation and willpower for me is
it's a bit of a weird topic because if
you ask me why am i motivated or how am
i motivated my answer is just that that
I am I realize that what I'm doing is
for myself I'm not studying because my
parents tell me to I'm not studying for
my parents or for my friends or for
anyone I'm doing everything that I'm
doing for me and when you realize that
no-one's gonna study for you no-one's
gonna help you get to where you want to
go beside yourself that's what gives me
the motivation besides the fact that I
actually really enjoy learning I really
enjoy going through textbooks and
through lectures there's a goal that I
want to reach which is to become a
doctor and to complete medical school
and now I'm just working towards that
goal and if that means that I have to
work two three four hours a day then so
be it that's totally fine alright so
this video is getting kind of long and I
actually have a lot of really good
questions here that I want to answer so
I think I'm gonna split this video into
two parts you've just watched part one
I'll upload part 2 at some point in the
future and I'll have links to in the
description for when it goes live thank
you guys so much for watching these
videos and for supporting me I honestly
can't believe that we're at 5,000
subscribers I don't even know where that
came from
hasn't even been a year of me being on
YouTube so yeah that's kind of crazy I'm
not going anywhere I'm gonna keep making
these videos I'm honestly having such a
good time doing it and interacting with
you guys in the comments I'm on
Instagram it's really what keeps me
going and it just it's it's really great
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like on this video and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see any more med school related content
from me you want to follow me on
Instagram you can do so too somewhere
over here and I will
you in the next one peace